# Time Tracker\n\nA simple, modern web application to track your daily tasks and see how you spend your time.\n\n## Features\n\n- ⏱️ **Start/Stop Timer** – Quick-access button to begin and end task tracking\n- 📝 **Task Management** – Label and categorize your work\n- 📊 **Daily Summary** – See total time spent on each task\n- ✏️ **Edit Entries** – Adjust task names, start times, and end times\n- 🗑️ **Delete Entries** – Remove entries you don't need\n- 📅 **Date Navigation** – View and manage entries for different days\n- 💾 **Persistent Storage** – All data is saved to a local SQLite database\n\n## Tech Stack\n\n- **Frontend:** React + Vite\n- **Backend:** Node.js + Express\n- **Database:** SQLite\n\n## Installation\n\n### Prerequisites\n- Node.js (v16 or later)\n- npm\n\n### Setup\n\n1. Clone the repository:\n```bash\ngit clone https://github.com/lazobasic/time-tracker.git\ncd time-tracker\n```\n\n2. Install dependencies:\n```bash\nnpm install\ncd client && npm install && cd ..\n```\n\n3. Start the development server:\n```bash\nnpm run dev\n```\n\nThe app will be available at:\n- **Frontend:** http://localhost:5173\n- **Backend API:** http://localhost:5000\n\n## Usage\n\n1. **Enter a task name** in the input field\n2. **Click \"Start\"** to begin tracking\n3. **Click \"Stop\"** when you switch tasks\n4. **View your summary** at the end of the day to see total time per task\n5. **Edit or delete** entries as needed\n\n## API Endpoints\n\n- `GET /api/entries/:date` – Get all entries for a date\n- `GET /api/summary/:date` – Get summary (total time per task) for a date\n- `POST /api/entries` – Create a new entry\n- `PUT /api/entries/:id` – Update an entry\n- `PUT /api/entries/:id/stop` – Stop an entry (set end time)\n- `DELETE /api/entries/:id` – Delete an entry\n\n## Project Structure\n\n```\ntime-tracker/\n├── server/\n│   └── index.js              # Express server\n├── client/\n│   ├── src/\n│   │   ├── components/       # React components\n│   │   ├── App.jsx           # Main app component\n│   │   ├── App.css\n│   │   ├── index.css\n│   │   └── main.jsx          # React entry point\n│   ├── vite.config.js\n│   ├── index.html\n│   └── package.json\n├── package.json              # Root package with scripts\n├── data.db                   # SQLite database (created on first run)\n└── README.md\n```\n\n## Development\n\nBoth server and client run concurrently with:\n```bash\nnpm run dev\n```\n\nThe client proxies API calls to the backend via Vite's proxy configuration.\n\n## Building for Production\n\n```bash\nnpm run build\nnpm start\n```\n\n## License\n\nMIT\n